- I started by prompting **ChatGPT** to prepare it to work as my Product Manager:
  > "Act as Product Manager, that has extensive experience designing, architecting and leading Software Development projects. Tell me if you understand, and show me, in a concise paragraph or two, an example of experiences that would qualify you for the job."
- Then I started to work with it by giving it a basic introduction of my idea for the project and instructing it to ask further questions and giving it an idea for its first task.
  > "Based on the experience you just told me about. I need your help designing a software product that allows users to manage a list of the tasks that they have to get done. It's a simple To Do application, but I want your help on the project and I want to see what you can do. Ask me any questions that you may need for context. I think we should start by drafting a PRD, but I'm open to suggestions if you think differently."
- It did ask appropriate questions for the task, so I answered and afterwards, it produced a good PRD. It followed the delivered document by proposing that its next task should be creating the User Stories.
- I told it to go ahead and it created detailed user stories based on the PRD. However, it didn't format the CSV correctly, so I didn't see the details and asked it to work on a new, more detailed version (before knowing the about the formatting issue), so it made the same mistake, but it did add extra details.
- I only checked the csv formatting after the second attempt, and noticed that the detail was there all along.
- At this point, I reached **ChatGPT**'s data analysis limit, so I didn't use the tool for the rest of the night
- I took the generated user stories file and used **Github's Copilot** feature on site to automatically create project issues on the repository, and it worked surprisingly well. I was very impressed.
- Following Nicolas' recommendation I subscribed to **Claude**'s Pro plan and setup a project with the PRD file and a chat with my prompt for the Project Manager
- I watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gACXOi_Hq9A) for recommendations on **AI tools for UI/UX design**.
- I believe my next step should be to design wireframes for the components and pages I will need based on the PRD and User Stories. I will ask my AI PM and see what it believes should be our next step, just to see if it will also choose UI design or it will suggest jumping straight into code without a design to aim for.